# 2.1.21 practice summary
## Attendance
* Psyren
* PowerPaladin
* Gytheran
* BlackRanger
* bwoneill
* mikep192
* Wolfen
* megazone
* Maestro

## Accomplishments:
* Conducted the Follow the Leader Warmup
  * Will be more streamlined over time. Once everyone is familiar, we can start taking notes and/or create permutations.  
* Announcement of the Gravy Fight League! Details are to be determined, but Chese wanted to know how many times a week we could plan for. We agreed that we could just handle one match a week, since we are already putting aside time for Cal Cup practice.
* Shared the Team Wraith schedule with everyone and pinned it in chat. BlackRanger and PowerPaladin have also been given editing rights.
* BlackRanger officially given responsibility over Team Wraith’s Cal Cup proceedings, due to his experience and Psyren’s unavailability during its run times. Mostly formal, everyone knew this already.
* Psyren had to leave early (aprox. 8pm CST) due to work complications. PowerPaladin took charge of the rest of the practice. The following notes are his, mostly regarding the fleet battle matches conducted.
-----
* Wolfen, Gytheran, Ranger, Ben, and PowerPaladin elected to move the starting lineup for Team Wraith in the next Cal Cup to Phantom channel to practice in ranked FB.
* Maestro and Megazone discussed joining one of the Gray flight comms to form a 5 stack for ranked. Mike expressed his desire to play dogfight.
* The five of us discussed Friday nights as the best possible time for main Cal Cup practice. For our games we employed a strategy proposed by Gytheran. We forewent the use of Ion Torpedoes for all matches. 
* Instead, we fielded builds more focused on dealing dumbfire shield damage (ion missiles, ion lasers, ion rockets) on fighters, interceptors, and support. Exact comps and builds used per match pending, but this is on my list to get tomorrow throughout the course of the day.
* We did not have running-start success organizing the offensive flow, at first. Our frigate/cruiser phases were more-or-less swarm style, with friendlies moving in and out as they repaired, resupplied, or respawned. Our flagship phases were initially designed around interceptors probing whether the shield gens were being heavily defended before the other 3 players moved in. If not, they were targeted for disabling/destruction. If met with an adequate defense, the whole team would work on the dropping of the shields to then employ a more open attack strategy against the shield generators, one at a time.
* We felt growing sentiment that ai farming on the flagship defense (outside of raider elimination) was waning in the face of focused teams. Not enough hands on deck to intercept and handle a focused attack on any one subsystem.
* Factoring in our initial "boot up" time to get the overall gameplan in our muscles, we played 4 ranked matches for a W-L-W-W spread. The loss was against a TFA 3-stack, Frosty, and another very skilled dogfighter that we had trouble pinning down  .
* Notably, after our loss we matched against a flight of Grays (ETucc, Sundance, Matticus_Rex, & Mike [who joined them after his dogfight matches]). They also had a pubbie. This match was sweaty, and we did end up winning with a 3% out-of-phase after the 2nd flagship offense with 2 dive rocket TIE Interceptors. This match was also where we decided, summarily, to drop the shields and attack the gens after they were gone.
* We successfully destroyed one generator in the first offense, but made up for lost time by destroying the second shield gen and power in the second offense before we began dealing hull damage. Our defense was highly successful, I think, in the face of a very organized flight of 3 objective fighters and one interceptor (Sundance, who is NOT TO BE TRIFLED WITH). I'm not sure we farmed ai on that defense, but did proceed with melting the raider.
* On a personal note, dual missiles on any fighter is a solid aux build, and I find my contributions to stopping offensives increased. Forcing an attacker to use up their countermeasures for the benefit of everyone who wants to launch auxes at a slooping x-wing by having more options to do so is priceless. Also on a personal note, an ion missile/asm defender might be more effective than a TIE Fighter in filling my role with my preferred playstyle that I employ in an X-Wing.
* Our final match saw Wolfen having to go, so we were filled by Boss Nass. Ben chose to run a Mask/Mark support. I have to make it a point that we were initially matched against a mixed-bag 5 stack which included a member of Rogue181st. They all dodged. We thought it was because of Nass. Our fill-in opponents were not stacked (at most, a pair-3), but they were not seals. It was a solid victory, though no landslide. Flagship phase strategy was smooth. Shields dropped. Shield Gen 1 dropped. Shield Gen 2 dropped. Power Dropped. Hull to 35%. Weak Points. Dead.
* I realize this is now an essay and no longer bullet points 

In Re: Factions, we played Imp-Imp-Imp-NR. I think we honestly have an NR advantage, considering victory in the face of a faction change after consistently trying to dial in an Imp strategy over the course of 3 tough games (the following should be kept confidential) AND the fact that Boss Nass didn't seem to be a key factor in our victory, netting only 4 kills, 7 deaths, little to no ai kills, and sub 10k cap ship damage.

# Next Practice:
* Warmup
* Round table discussion on evolving meta and new strategies
  * Cross-role training will help open up more possibilities
  * Where does everyone think the meta is going? (Trends)
  * What changes do people want in the roles they play?
