# 2.3.21 practice summary
## Attendance
* Psyren
* PowerPaladin
* Gytheran
* BlackRanger
* bwoneill
* mikep192
* PopeOfToast
* megazone

## Accomplishments:
* Entered dogfight instead of the usual warmup
* Held impromptu discussion on future plans for Wraith
  * Touched base with everyones preferred roles and goals
    * Bwoniell, Ranger, and Paladin enjoy flying flexible, using ships like interceptors and fighters to hit both objectives and players. 
    * Gytheran also is flexible, but leans towards interceptors and niche fighter builds
    * PopeOfToast and Megazone are comfortable in their bomber roles, but are willing to branch out
    * Mikep192 is content to just kill people, and that’s based af
    * Psyren likes support, but switches out to whatever the situation calls for.
  * Based on this fist impression, it would be wise to build a strategy that specifically suit Wraith members instead of only adopting outside ones.
    * The spread of playstyles and current meta favor faster ships over slower ones. 
    * Bombers/Supports are useful during intro and midgame, but can’t keep pace with the fast-moving endgame
    *  We should aim to only have one bomber or support at a time and the other 4 slots filled with fighters or interceptors.
  * Cross training support and player killing roles is in order
* With these thought in mind, Psyren, Paladin, Gytheran, Bwoniell, and Ranger took to a few fleet battles. 
  * The team displayed increased proficiency with flagship defense and attack. 
  * Opening is still in need of development, that first initiative often wins games between teams of comparable skill.
* Ended the night with a meme dogfight against Night Witches
  * 5-stack of ICT ywings = deathblob
  * Very fun ending to practice


## Next Practice:
* Warmup
* More dogfight alongside fleet battle
* Teach powershunting
